And now that we are in our services see rates are Mengesha assessed.
However you can see that we have a comment services now it starts styling services and we're going to
select all services services here we're going to say padding 40 pixels.
When you consider what happened right.
So the padding went all around.
Then after that we're going to have a background here.
And you know just let's leave the magnet away right because we already have the background for the whole
body so we can just skip this one.
So we're off today and what we would want is target the actual service.
And what I want to do is place this font awesome with this text right.
Because if you remember we place them in two separate divs right.
Or here if you remember.
Here we have a single service right here.
This was the service over here.
First was the icon and then was the text.
Right so we purposely have them side by side or here right.
So we don't have any more elements.
So we're now the only thing we need to do over here as I'm going to say sir is this and I'm going to
say that this is first of all this is going to have a margin.
Top bottom 30 pixels over here then zero on the sides.
All right.
And then we're going to say very simply display flex.
Now I can see right away what happened right.
So the phantasm is side by side with that text.
Now obviously we need to add more styles but this is the most simplest and easier easiest way how to
do it.
So here I'm going to say service here and I'm going to say I can I can and then I'm going to say for
it.
So now that we have that we're going to say font size 60 pixels right.
So right away first what happened we added some font sizes that are going to have a color.
And again we're going to use the blue color so this is going to be to be 9 8 0 0 like this.
And then we're going to have a margin know where we're going to say margin right.
Let's say on here 20 pixels.
Right so we got a little bit of margin.
And don't be discouraged right.
If you see something like this because what's going to happen is that are some actual high cards right.
There's a difference right.
What kind of icon.
That's right.
So don't worry about this what you're actually seeing or hear.
Right.
So if there's a marginally different than the other one is right because the actual size 0 here is also
different.
And after that we're going to have a service here in fall and what we're going to say or here this is
going to be a margin and we're going to see margin on top and we're going to say 10 pixels.
Well that's right.
So basically what I'm saying is I would want margin on here for this paragraph and here I'm going to
say line height and we're going to again say 1.5 year then after that we're going to have for the actual
hovering effect.
Right.
So what I'm going to say here that if I'm actually hovering over them right something should actually
change.
So I'm going to say service we're here and then I'm going to say that I would want to have a hover.
All right.
And that I would say fantastic.
And then after that I'm going to say that I would want to service well here.
And again I'm going to say however I know we're going to.
This is going to be service subtile subtitle over here and what should happen.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say color and all this is going to go back on
here like this.
Our B 0 0 0 0 and this is going to be zero point eight.
Right.
So here what's going to happen as we're actually hovering right you can see that actual colors are changing
right.
So the color is changing for those guys.
Right.
And also for the actual font.
Awesome.
Now that when this is actually done right you can see that I actually forgot the stylus subtitle.
I went right away from phantasm right away.
So here we actually need to add a service subtitle.
So this is going to be heading to I don't know really going to say text really transform when you say
capitalized.
First of all then we're going to have a caller and I will going out another note blue color.
So are you going.
This is going to run this color copy paste.
Right now we have the color and then we'll get our font size of 20 font size 20 pixels of this right.
But the point is as I'm hovering You can see what's happening right.
So basically service however right here then this is actually happening as I'm hovering over the service
the icon and text both black then after that you're going to save for the service info.
This all shows should turn different colors.
So I'm going to say service over here or here I'm going to say service and this is going to be painful.
So this is going to be the paragraph this is going to have a color of our G-B on here like this.
This is going to be 1:47 1:47 1:47.
So basically great.
Remember with our G-B we had zero to 2:55 255 is white Zero he's black so gray would be somewhere in
the middle right.
Again we save this.
And the point is that as I'm hovering over the whole thing right then these guys turn black over here
right.
And these guys going to actually turn right.
So now we're ready to go on and actually at a minute queries right.
So there's actually a response.
So they're not displayed like this right in line.
But as the screen gets bigger they actually get side by side.